Separate BSO as a server (#34)
ml-energy/zeus: zeus/optimizer/batch_size/migrations/README.md

# Generic single-database configuration using Alembic

> For more about alembic refer to: <https://alembic.sqlalchemy.org/en/latest/tutorial.html>

Reviewer: Please add one or two sentences about Alembic for noobs like me. Below is fixing markdown link style.

```suggestion
For more details, refer to its [tutorial](https://alembic.sqlalchemy.org/en/latest/tutorial.html).
```
